Okay.
So in the last section we discussed about.
A simple takeaway game under the normal rule eight.
So in this section we'll be discussing about a simple pick of a game under the Federal eight.
Okay.
Well, what is a rule as we saw that?
What are the major one when the last player who makes a move loses weight?
So if a lot if a player who is making a move loses, then can we define the set of positions, losing
and winning positions accordingly, guys?
It should be an easy task for, you know.
First of all, I would suggest you do pause the video and try it yourself, because there isn't very
much to do in this.
And also, I will be doing it because the video will feed, pause the video and try it yourself first.
I.
Okay.
Eight.
So let me just quickly make this area and.
It struck about the same game with the same rules, a normal, simple takeaway game.
Right.
So they just are sliding on the rule that it's the middle.
So if I see zero, what is a zero position?
Is it a winning position or a losing position?
Let me check.
Okay.
So what is a zero guys this said this position zero is will it be a winning position or losing position
and the the given.
So if I am one zero, what does this mean that the previous player who played them move gave me this
particular position and I'm unable to move the one this be a winning position for me because the previous
player who played the previous move lost it because according to the rule, the previous player who
plays it, the last player who plays the plays, any move loses.
So it's a winning position.
No.
Right.
Let's talk about one the from when I get, I'm only able to go to zero, which is a winning position
to end discussed earlier.
If I'm only able to go to some winning positions, then the current will be a losing position for me.
As can also see that if there are only one stones left in the pile, I pick up that stone.
I have no other option and I can only lose both.
I'm the last player to make a move now from two.
I can go to one.
I can go to zero.
Well, one is a losing position and zero is a winning issue.
What should I do?
I should go to one five because it's my chance.
I want the other guy to lose, so I'll give him a losing position from the well, pick up one stone
and give one as a next position to the other guy.
So it's a winning position from three.
I'm able to go to zero, also one or two and do also again, there's at least one losing position,
right?
There should be at least one losing position.
Okay.
So let's say there is let's call them child from a particular node.
I'm able to move on to some child nodes over all these are nodes.
At least one of them is a losing position.
Then the current determining point eight.
So from three I am able to go to 0012 and one is a losing position currently is a winning position again
because of elevation, because one is a losing weight.
Again, five will be a losing position because I'm not able to go to any of the losing positions from
this.
I'm only able to go to two, three, four, which is a winning position.
Right and right.
Let's talk about six.
Okay.
From six.
I'm going to three or four or five, so.
Five.
It's a losing position.
The winning bullish and then similarly losing, winning and losing eight was the pattern that we observe
here.
If dn mod four equals to one, that means it's a losing position.
Otherwise it's a winning position.
Okay, so under normal rule, all dominant positions are losing positions under normal rule.
But in this case, as we see, that zero is a terminal position.
But, you know, it's not a winning position.
Right.
Okay.
Well, what I'm doing over here is I'm converting a takeaway game to a breaking game.
I'm trying to subtract things from you and.
Then generalising the auditions backwards according to the backward induction.
In the next video we'll be looking over some varieties of take over games not only one, two in three
will be considering, let's say one, two, three, four, five.
And we can also consider one, three and four, eight any sort of thinking.
So let's say we have a subtraction game with some set of items that can be subtracted.
We have this set, and by using this we will generalize all winning and losing.
But.
Eight.
So see, in the next five days.
Thank you.